From Hollywood, California, Meltdown Comics, the Nerds Outdater, Harmontown is now in session.
Please welcome the stage, the mayor of Harmontown, Harmonious Monk himself, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Now I never wanna see somebody from where you get me.
That was nice, did the Beatles give us some music?
Do you know who that is?
Titanic Sinclair.
That's our friend Titanic Sinclair from Fibble Dibbles.
From Frisbee Golf and the fuck around trio.
Hardcore Harmontown fans will remember the Titanic and Mars Visigoth.
What's the name?
Mars Argo.
Mars Visigoth.
That was a really early stuff.
The lovely Mars Argo and Titanic were on our show when they released that song.
It became an unintentional internet sensation because it used the iPhone's default ring
tone as like a melody.
And some people were just like, I hope you die in fire.
What's up?
That was the USS Hooper.
Ah!
Adam Goldberg.
Adam Goldberg's back.
Was that the earliest we've been Goldberg'd in the show?
Well, he wanted us to know.
He wanted us to know.
I'm back, baby.
Adam, come on.
Get up here and give us a...
Hello, brother.
Oh!
Wait.
Thin eyes Goldberg.
Goldberg came up, he pressed the flesh, he did a little dance, so that was really nice.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder, but no presence makes it grow unfound faster than...
Sounds like a group sequel.
You do hear, Adam, the conflicted response of what we invite you up.
They love it.
I would call it right down the middle of happiness and sadness.
Sounds like we're life-lives.
Well, I'm happy.
I missed you.
I thought you were...
I assumed you had gone.
You're a young man.
People go through phases.
Maybe you exited the phase of total masochism and sadism.
Yeah, I was right.
That middle line between happiness and sadness, as someone said.
I don't...
Right.
Jeff?
Was it...
I'm thinking it was a J.
So, what have you been up to?
Yeah, give us the Goldberg news.
What's going down?
Business is good at my web company, Adam Goldberg's web company.
I'm not going to bring shame onto that web company by associating myself with it, which
is a self-hating thing to say, but it turns out, you know, the Minecraft server that's
dedicated to Harmontown, they burned me alive.
I was burned in effigy.
So, that's what happened to me.
I was having a nice life.
I was in a wrestling-based RPG.
I was getting drunk for Passover.
I was doing as one does, and then it turns out people burned a symbol of me alive to
represent how much they want to play Minecraft with you, which is weird.
So they made, like, out of blocks.
They made it.
Yeah, wooden Adam Goldberg to represent a guy from a podcast, and then they sent me on
virtual fire.
Did it resemble you?
Did they make a little...
I didn't go there.
I'm not...
I don't think I'd be very welcome on a server that would burn a picture of me.
So, how did you find out this information?
They posted it publicly, and I just... not a lot of upvotes, and the weird thing is,
a lot of people didn't attend.
It's like...
Like, there was a huge thing to have a Goldberg roast, not like a fun comedic roast, which
only happens when I throw one for myself.
An actual Salem roast.
Yeah, an actual... burn the representation of a guy who talks, and that's bad, so Jesus
Christ.
How you been, Deno?
I've been good.
Did you see the...
I don't even know, can't follow you on Twitter.
Did you see the Justin...
I blocked you.
I blocked Adam.
Not on Instagram, though.
While we're talking about ratios, that was just the aggressive side of passive.
That middle line between aggressive...
All right, well, let's see how tonight goes, and then...
All right.
I'm not...
Are you on the fence now?
Of course, I've been regretful since the day I blocked you.
I knew I did it in anger.
I legitimately wanted to know what point you were making when you said, now that everyone's...
When millennials were eight years old, they said everyone was going to be a millennial
now that they've grown up, everyone's eight years old.
Do you feel like everyone's eight years old, and what does that mean?
Well, that's not...
That wasn't what I...
We didn't say everyone...
We said...
Well, what?
The children were the future, or whatever.
When millennials were children, we said they were the future, and now that they're grown
up, sure enough, we're all eight years old.
Get it?
No.
Because they're thumb-sucking, team-playing, Superman fans.
As opposed to...
As opposed to awesome, sardonic, needlessly rebellious, aging Gen Xers, who understand
back pain and being outnumbered 10 to 1 by the generations before and after us, and who
admire people who kill themselves instead of people who become president.
Yeah, that was weird.
Justin was weird last week.
That was a lot of, is he, was he going to, is he...
Justin will never, ever, ever.
Justin would put a gun in his mouth, and his ego would shoot it across the room.
The ego would just eat the bullet.
Yeah, the bullet would just get absorbed.
He would do a bit with the gun, having a silly voice, and that would be...
I don't want to lay down the gauntlet, though, and if you are thinking about it, share those
thoughts with people.
Tell other people, because you would be surprised how many people get to that point in your
life where it's darker than it is light, you know, and you're on the line between sadness
and happiness, and you're not seeing...
Oh, no!
I'm trying to be joyful about it, and not be depressing, but it's...
Adam, you've never...
I've seen you a whole lot of shit, and there are other people going through exactly what
you've gone through who want to show you the better side of an existence, and if you say
no to that existence, you're not going to see all the greatness that's going to unfurl
for you.
Hmm.
But, but, yes, but also you should...
Yeah, life!
A scattered applause for the concept of life.
Listen, let's enjoy a rare Adam Goldberg applause break.
That was, that was, that was very interesting.
Why is the guy...
Why is the guy I call shitty so shitty?
Why is this...
Oops, it's trying to cover that up.
Why, you just, you just stepped in your own applause breaks.
That was, that was very well said, but I, as a guy who's researched this, because when
I was responding to people on Tumblr, I started to worry, but I wanted to do it right and
not wrong.
I didn't want anything to blow back.
I mean, talking to kids who are sometimes saying like, I have these thoughts.
So I, so I did a lot of Googling as a responsible person does, and, and, and I, the other thing
that, that people, that people should know who have these thoughts is that, you know,
the, I think the big mistake that people currently not having those thoughts make when counseling
them is using logic to try to like, no one wants to be argued out of these, these feelings.
Like they want to be able to share them without repercussion.
You can't think your way to clarity because the brain is the brain.
It kind of, it takes all the processing power that you would use to make really logical
arguments.
And it's why...
Yeah.
It's why I invalidated it.
It just puts a wall between you and it's, there is no, this is going to sound like a
bad quote out of context, but there's no logical reason not to kill yourself.
That logic is not what's on the table.
It's not A plus B plus C equals there are legitimate reasons to live.
It's not something that's going to be intuited logically.
It's not.
Yeah.
You're not waiting to hear someone say, but you're so special.
Oh, there it is.
There it is.
I'm special.
I'm just gonna...
You feel a horrible, gnawing pain and it feels so bad that a lot of us can't relate to it
because it's, if you just back into a level of pain that you would have to feel before
you were thinking about not existing as an alternative to it.
Now those thoughts are, we all, they move through the species like a cloud and individuals
have to bear the burden of them and those people need to find someone that they can
trust and talk about them.
So there you go.
Okay.
So yes, life is wonderful and you'll have so many children and you'll be so happy, but
also don't not kill yourself for that reason.
Don't, don't, don't wait for that epiphany.
It's not, it's a wonderful life.
It's a shitty life, but also like, like, like, just talk about it a little bit.
Oh, you'll like this one.
And in the Muppets continuity, Kermit the Frog caused 9-11.
There's a movie about where Kermit the Frog sees what his life would have been like if
he was never born and he goes to New York and the World Trade Center is standing and
the movie came out in 2002.
So by their logic, if Kermit had gotten, had just gone back into the swamp and not become
a Muppet.
Adam Goldberg, everybody.
Okay.
That's a good one.
All right.
Thank you.
He's back.
He's on a high.
He is, he is back and he means it, man.
This time he's got an attitude.
Check it out, Freddie.
Um, I, well, I don't, you know, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't
want to, I don't want to dwell on it, but I don't understand why, why does that mean
he caused it?
Well, it shows what it would be like if he wasn't born.
It shows what it would be like if he, the ultimate reality without having to pass full
towers.
Ah, okay.
Got it.
I missed the part where I was supposed to care about the content of the Muppet and Muppets.
Muppets.
Flush.
Superman.
Mickey Mouse.
You, you don't like the Muppets?
You don't like the Muppets?
Yeah, I'm sick of being told how precious they are.
Prove it, prove it, prove it.
It's been 48 years.
Show me again how precious they are.
I remember the 70s.
Show me why that's been the case.
I remember, I remember.
You didn't like it back then?
No, I liked it back then.
Oh, but you're saying it doesn't matter to you now?
I'm saying it, that does not earn you like 50 years of fucking like, like, oh, look at
us.
Why am I looking at you?
Why?
Do something.
And what are you doing that Carrot Topped hasn't done and been reviled for?
Like, what are you, what are you, you're standing there looking weird?
This is such a weird thing to be so angry about.
I would never have thought that in a million years.
I've known you for so long, I didn't realize this is, you really have a lot of fucking,
just very thinly masked of hate and just bail for it.
Well, I got drunk last night and I was, I was, I really, I really started bashing on
Superman and, and instead of doing inadvertently looking back at it, I just looked like a guerrilla
marketing ad for Batman versus Superman because, because I'm really just saying the same things
that they're saying in the Superman versus Batman trailer, it's just, it sounds, it's
just some guy going like, he's too powerful, I don't like him, a man shouldn't be a god.
But I, I, I just, I like, I think, okay, so I've been talking to a lot of Superman fans
on Twitter and, and of course, as, you know, communication leads to understanding and stuff.
Any kind of hatred is, is, we know by now, it's, it's, you know, you just don't know,
it's ignorance.
You talk to the right people, let the right thoughts seep in and, you know, like Superman
does seem like, as I've labeled him a histrionic alien demagogue, like he is a, he is a crybaby
pajama man from outer space that, that it seems like enjoying involves prostrating yourself
in front of and going like, oh, should Superman have this pillow when he's crying or this
pillow?
And it's like, what about us?
And that's what, who are you supposed to identify with if not Lex Luthor?
Didn't you come to some sort of like, like understanding of Superman, we had that guy
up and he explained that it was all, the, the origin of it, oh, he's right here in the
front.
What's your name again?
Eric.
Eric, it was you.
Eric, the Superman fan.
Okay.
Who explained, yeah, that, that like the Muppets and like Mickey Mouse, the, that, that Superman
has a, has a very inspiring story to its backstory, you know, the, the, the, the, its origin,
that the, what was it, two Jewish brothers during, during the, one was shot to death.
Oh, by, by, for, oh, burglar.
Okay.
So why didn't he create Batman?
He wasn't shot by kryptonite?
No.
Uh, the, the, the, I'm mad for that reason, the, the, the, uh, yeah, two, two young Jewish
kids.
And what year was it?
It was like the, the, so like, like, like America wasn't even not anti-Semitic yet.
Like, like, like, like America was like, Hey, yeah, Jews, they're the worst, right?
Um, somebody who's got cash for the war, who needs bullets and steel?
Um, the, uh, the, so, so they, it's a, it's a myth of empowerment from, from two minds
that didn't like, you know, they felt like they were at the, at the, that's a, that's
very inspiring.
But I'd rather read a comic book called two Jewish kids make a comic book.
Yeah.
Like the comic book that they created is about a hysterical pajama man who in the, in light
of all the superheroes that we've created, Iron Man, who's kryptonite is alcoholism.
And not even because anything bad happened to him, he's just, he just loves booze.
He just loves it.
And that's his kryptonite.
He's just like, mm, I love it.
I love drinking and technology.
It's fucking, that's great.
I mean, that appeals to you for obvious reasons.
Yeah.
Well, isn't Superman supposed to appeal people, people for obvious reasons?
What, what, what reason would you have to have Superman appeal to you other than a sense
of powerlessness and beta male kind of, I'm sorry, Eric, Eric, Eric, get back up here.
Eric.
I just said that I was, I had turned a corner on this.
I'm sorry.
Well, his first two villains though, he fought a corrupt landlord who was charging too much
rent.
He actually threw him out a window and it was 1938 during like great depression times.
And then the second guy I ever thought was, um, this guy was beating his wife and he jumped
in front of them and he was like, you want to fight somebody like who's stronger than
you want to feel that, see how that feels.
And he like, all right.
He was high-roaded.
High-roaded.
Stop all that rape.
So, so he was like a champion of the common man.
Yeah, right.
And one episode he fought the Federal Reserve and went, he was, he was the first to come
down against the, uh, the gold standard.
Yeah.
Well, every decade he exists, he becomes what masculinity, like the height of masculinity.
Exactly, and right now the height of masculinity is kind of like challenging your own privilege.
And that's why in the movie, he's like, well, should I be doing this?
Maybe Batman should be the guy.
Like maybe I should have people that are policing me like a justice league.
All right.
That sounds good.
I'm in.
So it's Tumblr as Lex Luthor now telling what to do.
I've got a lot of residual nineties, Superman hatred that's not really, somebody, somebody
tweeted very, very appropriately at me like, oh, Superman hatred.
That's so like, like lazy Gen X cynicism.
That's right.
I'm a product of my generation.
The nineties were a dark time for comic books and we killed him in the nineties because
of it.
Yeah.
And it was lame.
It was silly.
He came back with long hair and it was silly and a giant gun, which was awesome.
He had a giant gun.
Yeah.
The panel says, um, you know, they call me a Boy Scout and Boy Scouts are always prepared.
And then he's a shotgun.
What is he?
He did a gun.
Exactly.
Yeah.
What did his gun shoot?
I don't know, his gun shot his eyeballs, which are also guns.
Yeah.
His existence.
So this gun shot his existence.
Eric, did you like the Christopher Reeve movie?
So much.
Yeah.
Christopher Reeves is such a great, you know, now that we've seen, it's remarkable how now
we see how, how great, yeah, and how actor dependent the role of Superman in cinema is.
Like you really need somebody that can get away with that Boy Scout innocence, but invulnerability.
Like, like, like he has to have a sexuality exuding like an attractiveness from a heteronormative
perspective.
Um, uh, the, or he can be attractive to gay people as well.
And what do you call that?
He's a hot.
He has to be hot.
But like straight guys have to like, have to be willing to like bend a knee, like, like,
which is so tough, like only Chris Pratt has achieved that recently.
So yeah.
He's also a guy who values like writing as being more powerful than like his super strength,
which I thought was really cool being like a writer nerd because he's really hard just
trying to like Superman really loves writing.
There was this whole story where he went around saving writers in between the saving women
from being beaten in the face.
His favorite human being is Lois Lane, who's like this person who she topples tyrants with
her typewriter for a literation.
Yeah.
He has a, he's a journalist.
You're right.
But I always thought like that he's not really a real journalist.
Like I didn't know, I don't know if Clark Kent like ever submitted any good articles
to the, I always felt like that was like part of the invasiveness is that he's dwelling
among us and he's part of the fourth estate and he's like, like, it's like in there.
He's an alien.
He doesn't need those glasses.
It's a disguise.
He's disguised as a human.
He's an alien parasite.
A lot of hipster girls are though too.
They had this great thing in the late nineties too, where he wrote a novel because he was
like, I am a, I'm not really doing anything like Lois is so much better than I am at this.
I'm going to have like, he quit the planet and wrote a novel called under a yellow sun
and tried to be like the new John Grisham.
Wait, it's called Clark Kent did?
Yeah.
All right.
The guy who saved Superman, Eric saved him from my rap, my very marketable rap that is
being catered to in theaters across the nation this summer.
Like, can you save the Muppets too?
I don't think your Muppets hatred might be irretrievable.
That seems like a lot of it.
I just respect creators and I just like, I don't, I feel like Walt Disney was around
and made Mickey Mouse and it's like, it comes from his heart and it's like, then these things
to get taken over by capitalism and it's like the crowning jewel on the toxicity is like,
like didn't we change copyright law just because like it didn't make sense that Mickey
Mouse could be owned by people?
It's like, like when does Darth Vader stop being Anakin Skywalker, you know?
Speaking of Mickey Mouse, I was talking to Kali Kazoo because she wasn't here but we
were talking about animated figures.
Was it about why they were gloves?
And she has the answer for that, of course, because she's an animation freak.
All the characters back then because it was black and white, all the characters were mostly
just black and so they put the white gloves on them so they weren't just black people.
That makes them look more like minstrels because the minstrel performers all wear white gloves
too.
But what was the, with minstrel performers, they wanted their hands to read on stage?
I think so.
They just weren't completely head to foot black, like so they'd look like that.
You'd think before, so at that point, common sense kicked it.
Like, wow, we want this to read.
Remember when we were burning the cork and rubbing the, no one thought at that point,
nah, this seems evil.
Although I'm sure I'm still getting a little bit wrong.
Do you know?
Oh, you do?
Get up here.
If you want.
Male Cali-Kazoo.
What's your name, sir?
Scoota.
Scoota?
Yeah.
Come on.
Is it Scooter, but you're from Boston?
No, it's Scoota.
We literally had this conversation last time I was up here.
I'm an alcoholic.
Wait, on stage?
The show is an alcoholic.
Well the show collectively is just a drunk uncle whose mind is turning to tapioca.
All right, Scoota, what did we talk about?
How's art school?
Yeah, I told you.
So again, not an animation actor, but it is just a simple thing for you for why their
hands are white when most characters were black in an animated world.
Can you eat that mic a little bit, Scoota?
Yeah, yeah.
If their hand crossed their body, you can still see their hand.
See, I feel like Cali put more of a racial spin on that.
Interesting.
Of course, she's not here to defend herself, so let's just all label her a racist.
I would have thought the reason why they were gloves is because things that move when you're
doing cell-based animation, they tend to be a different shade, different color.
Like Scooby-Doo in your watch, I'm sure we talked about this the last time that this
was my theory.
It's like, you know, in Scooby-Doo, it's like, gee, I wonder where the secret door is.
Because it's on a different layer of acetate, and so it's like a slightly different color.
Things that are about to move in that shot, they tend to be a different shade, so I thought
characters...
I think back in those days, though, they didn't do that in complete animation.
Every frame was probably a new cell.
All right.
This has been, I don't know, nothing, but the old nothing piece.
I call this segment, we almost proved Mickey Mouse or Walt Disney was a racist.
Well, I'm sure he was.
You know what the big question is?
Would we have been?
Like...
There's a thing at Disneyland, because I used to work at Disneyland, and all the horses
on the carousel in, what's it called, the Fairy Book Land, you know, by Jeff...
Not Fantasyland.
Is it not Fantasyland?
No, it's not Frontierland.
By Sleeping Beauty's Castle, you got the carousel there, and all the horses are white, supposedly
because he thought that the kids would fight over the white horse, so he made all the horses
white, which isn't necessarily racist, but it's certainly...
It's of a certain time.
Also, there was a rumor, and I really believe that I remember this.
When you walk in down Main Street, in the old days, there was little houses up there,
with little miniature windows to make kind of force perspective.
There was a curtain up there with little mini swastikas on it that was there.
All right, this is going to sound bad, but it's not what it looks like.
There's a reason.
It was a symbol for unity while Disney was into Native American culture, and by the way,
the association of the color white, and the color black, which are these like really extreme
parts of the color wheel, whatever, black isn't the color, whatever.
I get confused, scientifically black isn't the color, and then you talk to painter people,
and they're like, black is every color, black's none of them, I fucking get it, I hate it.
People that look at things make me angry.
Learn to read.
The idea that the white horse would be more valuable to children, and then connecting
that dot to race, that's also a racist thought, isn't it?
Because we're not white, we're dirty, gross, yellow, like jaundice, burnt sienna, whatever,
I don't know what this color is, douchebag, I don't know what this, the Crayola box would
be.
I wonder if there's another reason for the kids wanting the white horse, I'm not sure
when Disneyland kind of came about, but maybe depending on the prevalence of the lone ranger
in pop culture, do they want the white horse when they perceive that maybe kids wanting
a white horse would have implications that other people would see not knowing, or it's
because everyone wanted to have.
There might have been a white horse in film, you've got Lon Ranger, you've got maybe some
animated film, whatever, but I don't think you need to say that he was racist because
of that, but his reason was, just make them all the same color so that the kids aren't
fighting, so everybody gets the same horse.
But it's a white horse, he didn't make a bunch of black horses.
When you look back in history, and there's certain representations that we characterize
different decades, different generations, different historical figures, we look through
this lens of detecting racism, what is racism, and like some people are like early champions
of what we now consider to be human rights, and then some other people are early like
cautionary tales, and then some people are like publicly on the right page because that's
not even the popular point of view, but is publicly what they should be, and they do
the right thing publicly, but then these private things come to light that reveal that really
in the fiber of their being, they can't help but look at people that are different than
them with some kind of downward gaze, and that that might even have been part of their
public face, that what we now call, oh, that guy was a champion of blah, blah, blah rights,
it was like, yeah, but that guy thought that those people were animals, that guy thought
that that was a charity, like I just saw, I was really compelled by this Frank Sinatra
documentary I just saw to fight, he's like, like, okay, we had a guy that, we had a guy
that rude for hating Jews, and a guy that was, yeah, I think he loves documentaries,
Scooter, are you comfortable, do you need anything?
I'm perfect.
Okay, all right.
Do you like a drink?
You want a thing?
Would you like a cracker to be named after you?
Sure, yeah.
It could be easy, believe me, Scooter.
I'm sorry, sorry, it also sounds like a sexual thing to me.
Yeah, but before we leave Disney, she gave me a Scooter.
Before you go on to Sinatra, I do want to talk about the documentary, if you guys don't
know this, if you go to Disneyland, I love Disneyland, I love to go there, go there in
the morning, go get ice cream, and then run to Space Mountain, that's my tradition, but
if you want a great photo moment, for those of you who don't know this, go to Frontier
Land.
When you walk up Main Street, there's the hub, which is where all the land spoke off
of, and there's a statue of Walt with a Mickey Mouse in his left hand, and he's pointing
down Main Street, and the future, and beyond.
If you stand right at the edge of the entrance of Frontier Land, and you look back at it,
what you see is Mickey's on the far side of Walt, and Walt is pointing, and Mickey's
nose is right at his crotch, and it looks like Walt Disney's got a giant boner.
And if you go there, although, now they've got the new rockets, that new rockets kind
of obscures the background, because it's so busy, back, it used to be white, like totally
white background, Tomorrowland, and you get a perfect silhouette of that.
Now it's a little bit broken up by the new rocket red, but you'll go there and you will
see like some savvy, like Japanese kids, like taking a picture and giggling like mad, it's
very good.
Have I ever talked about the fact that when you go into the Nickelodeon building?
As one does.
When you're pitching your animated shows.
Which one?
The weird one on like Hollywood, no, was it Buena Vista or Hollywood Way or was it?
Yeah, I don't know, it looks like you're going to get slimed when you go in there or whatever.
Or Victory is a victory.
There's a Lego Spongebob in the lobby, and I've only ever seen that character, you know,
from the front angle in a two dimensional medium, here he is represented in a 3D context
out of made out of Legos, and his nose is a straight up cock, like it has a shaft and
a head.
Really?
Like it's not just like, oh, it's a long nose, like Pinocchio, it's like, it's a fucking
dick.
I thought it was kind of like a Popeye, like a smooth little, whoop, like a, it's a dick,
it's a curved porn star dick with a helmet for, as our anthropologist friend said, plunging
out your competitor's semen.
I don't know if that's what the Spongebob creator was thinking when he, he was just
thinking, this should look like a dick.
God was thinking it should plunge out the last guy's cum.
The helmet part of it would just be an unfortunate accident of Legos kind of pixelization, that
you can't make a smooth edge.
Look, I know a dick when I see one, and, he made that very clear.
And when I'm brushing up against an erect one at hip level, as you do when you exit
and enter the Nickelodeon building, and it's just like, it's, if you took just Spongebob's
nose from the lobby of the Nickelodeon building, and laid it on any counter in any public establishment,
whoever you were doing would go like, what are you doing?
Stop it.
They would get mad.
They wouldn't go, what is that?
Is that a banana?
They would go, what?
Stop it.
But then you put it on the face of this children's character.
Is it possible that someone that worked at Nickelodeon added that on, and like, like, like,
What do you mean added?
Well, I don't, I don't know.
I mean, what's possible is that someone's interpretation of a character that's not usually
rendered that way may have, may have culminated in that, you know, like, like, you take drafting
class, you do things orthographically, you don't quite know what they're going to look
like, I guess, like, when they're extruded, but on a scale from like one to nothing but
trouble.
Where did you write it?
I haven't seen nothing but trouble.
Oh, Dan Ackroyd has a penis nose.
I gotta watch that movie.
No, you don't.
No, I do.
I do.
All right.
So anyways, well, I was just going to say, Sinatra in this documentary, I thought, you know,
I grew up, you know, there's certain tarot cards, it's like, oh, Woody Allen's Funny.
Sinatra was a good singer, but he was a jerk to the ladies, and he was racist to Sammy.
And, but like, like, I mean, I was surprised to like hear the story of Frank Sinatra.
Like, well, how long that story is and how many times he was the underdog and how hard
he had to work to be taken seriously.
I actually, I love Sinatra and I was so excited to see that documentary.
I didn't like that documentary.
I thought that was a real fucking fluff piece on him.
It was so friends and family made and they gloss over what a complete virulent asshole
he was.
Yeah, yeah, you knew the mafia guys, but he was always this, he was a great anti-bigotry
guy.
I learned that stuff from that documentary though, so maybe if you take a step back,
maybe it was just enough of he was an asshole because I learned that he was an asshole from
that documentary.
I learned that he was racist in his show.
You don't hear all the threats, possible murders, he was under indictment for murders
and stuff like that.
I thought that they, but a lot of that stuff was maybe apocryphal because they were honest
about the stuff that was real, like his associations with the actual mob.
I think they glossed over it was, is that one moment when Harry Belafonte was disappointed
at him for being racist to Sammy for a couple rat pack summits in Vegas, other than that,
that's the only time when that documentary where I feel like anyone holds him to the
fire at all.
He threatened and bullied and he was such an ass.
Now also, great in other ways, but like if someone referred to him, a friend of his that
worked with him called him a 24 carat manic depressive.
You got both ends of that.
It's that my way thing.
I guess it was like, I finally needed to see through a lens of like, I've only ever thought
he was just like an entitled jackass that was just like born to the manner.
Like I didn't hear the underdog story a little bit like, you know, he had to, but the, the,
the, and the fact that he was in his, well, this is what I was just talking about.
You know, I can't say in his heart or in his mind because there's a difference there.
He was politically early on in his life, he was absolutely like, like, like, like, like
what he wanted to make people understand that racism was wrong because it had affected Italians.
And so why should black people be different?
This guy is going to do that every eight minutes, regardless, we're going to test that theory
in a moment.
See if we can connect with that the next time.
Here's the problem.
Right now, we're not sure if he loves racism or hates it or loves documentary film making
Frank Sinatra or Batman.
We're not sure.
We're going to, but by the end of the night, we're going to go, oh, he loves self-reliance.
That's it.
He's a, he's a, he's a, he's a Walt Whitman fan to connect all those dots.
It's going to draw a theme of like, oh, that guy was about self-reliance.
Okay.
Spoilers.
So for instance, for instance, like when they talk about his rise to fame and all of a sudden
he's, uh, he's singing in the big clubs and he's on the marquee and all the Bobby socks
are out there.
And in interviews, he's like, yeah, you got these girls out there and everyone's screaming.
What they just happened to not mention is that that was all fucking paid.
Like they have, they've shipped all those girls in for that shit.
It was all PR stuff.
Oh really?
Yeah.
That he wasn't instantly that famous.
They took a bunch of girls and sat them out there and said, when he comes out, scream
like fucking mad.
There's a, whatever they gave them.
Like why not mention that in the documentary that every other documentary and book about
him is mentioned.
No.
Okay.
So there was definitely, there was definitely, you could tell.
And all of a sudden, boom, bang, bang, but the people were throwing the thing and the
stuff and the, it's like, no, like you were also just like a, from the very get go.
He was a very political, very driven, ambitious guy.
And that included.
Which is pretty fascinating.
And we could allow, like Howard Hughes was a very flawed guy, but, you know.
Did I ever tell you the Murray Langstrom Sinatra story?
You know Murray Langstrom?
It was the unknown comic, the guy that wore the, the paper bag in his head.
And I was doing a show with the improv guys at the improv in Melrose.
Give me one second.
Scoota, do you need a, just a Gatorade or a weird name or anything?
No.
I'm good.
Okay.
I think you're easy on the eyes and it's good to have you up here.
That's fine.
I think the ladies like it.
I haven't been getting tweeted or anything, but.
A bottle of water maybe?
I'll take a bottle of water.
Sure.
It's a nice balance.
I think it's looking at me with my, all right.
So somebody, I think it was Drew Carey goes like Murray, tell Jeff, he'll love it.
Tell Jeff your Sinatra story.
And so he says, this is fucking great.
We're at the bar at the improv and he goes, I, he was doing Carson, I don't, I don't know
what year it would have been, but it would have been probably late 70s, early 80s.
I don't know.
And he's doing Carson and he makes a joke about Sinatra because he was in the news for
another divorce.
And some joke about like, when it comes to cheating on wives, Sinatra does it his way.
Like, not even like a really major zing or whatever, just being a silly Murray joke.
He goes home that night to a shitty apartment, phone rings and he's tired and he's exhausted
and he goes, hello, are you Murray?
Yes.
This is Frank Sinatra.
He goes, hey, fucking Tim.
I want one of his friends.
Like, motherfucker, I'm tired, click, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, hello.
Don't hang up on me.
This is Frank Sinatra.
Hey, Tim, you go fuck yourself, man.
I've been working all day, click, ten minutes goes by, phone rings, hello.
Ten minutes.
So, like, is it Frank Sinatra staring at the phone there?
No, Tim, you're about to find out why the time passes there.
Time passes.
He thinks that's that.
The phone rings.
Hello.
And he says, Murray, this is Merle, this is Milton Burle.
Do you recognize my voice?
Oh, God.
And he goes, yes, Milton.
Like, hello, he goes, that was Frank Sinatra, and he's super, super mad right now.
He goes, he goes, do not hang up the phone, listen to what I have to tell you.
He goes, he's going to call you back, we're trying to call him down, he's going to send
someone, he's going to send someone to your house to have you fucked up because his kid
watches that show and you just made a joke about daddy fucking around a mommy.
I'm confused again.
Is that family values?
Is he like family values or adultery?
I don't know.
He still hasn't gotten out of software lines necessarily.
He's just drawing a larger circle around whatever it is.
I hope, I hope we don't find he just like saying, you know, that's going to burn me
up.
I'm almost certain that's it then, then don't, don't let him break your heart.
So you got values.
Okay.
I'm a human being in an almost shark jumping, uh, breaking of his, uh, he, okay.
He's all right.
Good.
That's good.
I'm glad you did that.
Thank you.
We know you have values.
We're going to track them.
So Milton Burroughs was like, this is not, this is not an alert, this is not a drill.
He's going to send someone to your house and have you fucked up like that.
And he says, Murray, he's absolutely capable of doing that because he does that.
Like he's a very, very violent man and this is not a fucking drill.
He goes, he's going to call you back when we calm him down and you're not going to
say anything, but apologize and you don't say anything else, but you're sorry.
Okay.
And he's like, no, it was just a joke.
We're comics.
That's our job.
He's like, I know, I know, I know, but that doesn't matter right now.
I'm trying to.
I'm Milton Burrough.
I haven't told a joke for 38 years.
I'm famous for standing there.
So he's like, like, I'm just trying to help you out.
So he's like, God, it's fucking bullshit.
And so as Murray's telling the story, he's like, he's like, I'm like, fuck this guy.
You know?
And so the phone rings and he's like, the whole time he's like, I'm going to tell this
guy, you know, jump on a lake and like take my chances or whatever.
I like how classy he is about it.
I'm going to tell this guy, you know, go, go build a wheel and make like a leaf and just
get out of here and take it on the road, Jack.
The story is a while ago.
I'm paraphrasing Murray.
I cannot quote verbatim on this.
So the phone rings and he picks it up and he goes, hello.
And all he hears is talk.
And that's it.
That wasn't the deal.
And so he goes, he goes, I think about it for a second.
It's just not, I'm so sorry.
I'm so, I apologize from the bottom of my heart.
My big fan of yours.
I would never do anything.
And he goes on and on and on.
I'm a fan of your music.
I would never insult your family.
It was just a thing.
You'll never happen again.
And then just eventually click.
And that was it, no, no resolution, no, no, no, no.
Family values is gone.
Family, family values is out.
Suffer lines is out on that one.
Also there's the danger of the copycat youping.
Is it a copycat youper?
I don't know.
I'll say it.
Nope.
I mean, it's not a, it's not a hard one to copycat.
Yeah.
So they're getting closer together too.
It's like in the movie theater.
Somebody gets a laugh and then it's like, oh boy, I hope, I hope he sees that pattern
and tries to trick us, space, space it out, fan it out, blow our minds.
Let's hear the next youp, like, 915.
That was a good copycat.
It was a copycat.
Okay.
So we've talked too long about the Frank Sinatra documentary.
I, I, I had never, I had only heard these like, you know, the zeitgeist stuff.
So it was a good start to watch like this.
As you say, I think it's very accurate as a friends and family produced documentary.
I had that tone.
But even within that, there were the stories of all these things that you had heard them
spread out on a timeline, like a big, long Spongebob nose.
I'm just bringing it back around to you and just like the, I already, I already thought
that that was so interesting because I did, I even, I don't know, I do believe, I, I
know here's, here's the thing that, here's the thing that makes it relevant right now
in this room is that here was this guy who had a, at a very young age, he was very like
he's putting himself out there about this new topic of racism and, and I believe these
stories are true because why wouldn't they be like, like the, the, the idea of him taking
Sammy Davis, Jr. under his arm and really actually caring about this emerging thing
of like black people aren't human beings.
I think he found Sammy singing at, at Sero's and saw him and he went to Vegas, he's like
this guy's going to be in the thing and like, no, we can't put him in the main room.
He's like, no, he's, he's, he's main room and then they all had to live in dark town,
which is a shanty town outside of Vegas and all the musicians, like Count Basie's band,
Count Basie, you couldn't fucking go and stay in Vegas and Sinatra said, they stay in the
hotel.
It's like, if you don't want Sammy Davis in your hotel, you don't want Frank Sinatra
in your hotel and he completely bullied them around.
So there you go.
Megalomania as progress.
It's very interesting and, and, but, but ownership, still ownership, right?
So this is the, this is the epiphany that Aaron and I had while we were watching the
documentary because we were like puzzled by it.
It was like, well, wait, cause they showed clips of that, those rat pack shows that are
just like undeniably like anti, like, like not even, it's, it's, I, I thought that, that
it was just sort of like, you know, like you make gay jokes and it's like, oh, there's
a, there's a gay guy on stage and you make a gay joke and it's like, like kind of like,
it's, it's sort of like refreshingly uncomfortable and people giggle uncomfortably.
And it's like, sort of like the comedy bleep edges, like sort of like it's, it's, it's,
it's hit and miss and it's like, you know, blah, blah, blah, but, but they showed clips
of like D Martin, like, like, like Sammy Davis, Jr. touches him as the joke is that he doesn't
want him to touch him.
There's an old joke on one of the seizures.
I think it's Caesar's palace rat pack Wednesday because Sammy, I love you.
I love your kids.
I'll hang out with you.
I'll play sports with you.
I'll go golfing with you, but don't touch me.
Yeah.
I'll go to school with you.
But don't just don't touch me.
But it was also like the joke was that he was angry.
Like the joke was like, like, like the joke, you could tell that if the joke was going
to make anyone laugh, that it was coming from a, from a, a Michael Douglas falling down
angry white man place and not from a, from a hilarious, like we're all starting to mix
together.
That clip is a bummer.
Him, him, him picking Sammy up and saying, I'd like to thank the NAACP for the statue.
That's hilarious.
Sure.
Like, yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
It's like, well, are there any more friends?
And maybe we say these like weird things.
I think the other Sammy would come out there because they, they worshiped Sammy Davis Jr.
and Frank's nickname for him was the great entertainer.
Like he was like, nobody's back.
Like we, he was honored to be on a stage with Sammy and there's a lot of rat pack stuff
where you listen to it and they'll be whoever's singing gets shit from the other guys except
for Frank.
Nobody fucks with Frank while he's out there.
But everybody else has taken a dump on each other and doing jokes.
The easy target Sammy jokes or black guy jokes.
Like, because Rickles is in the, you know, in the next room doing all that shit.
But there's lots of stuff where Sammy does like super like black power jokes on them.
So they go, oh boy, as soon as we get in the lead, you guys are going to go first and the
crowd cheers.
Right.
So, so, so do you, do you have a super point to make or can I stitch right that from there?
They gave it back and forth, but certainly Sammy, I think was a butt of a lot of that.
Right.
So Aaron and I are watching this and we're going like, this is weird.
He's this boy scout guy who like very early in his career, when he actually had a lot
of things to risk before he was in total control is actually early on putting himself out there
because as an Italian saying like, you know what, when I was young, Italians were maligned
and not let in and I don't, I'm a successful Italian now and I don't, I don't want to watch
this shit roll downhill.
And so, so what, how is that guy, these rap pack shows and then we're sitting there puzzling
through it.
And then Aaron said, well, were the world changed underneath all that?
Maybe the people that are at the forefront of, for instance, and this is, I think the
example that we can relate to is 10 years ago, who were the feminists?
How many of them are still in all that has, has come up in the last 10 years?
Like when feminism meant just being a fan of women, like when it was just like, like,
hey, give the girls a hand and maybe give me a kiss, ladies.
Like, like, how, like, is there a subsection of, of like, like the most outspoken like
guys, like that, that beta male quotient where it was like, I'm a rabid, virulent beta male
feminist.
And then 10 years later, like, there are, there is that person that, that, you know,
that personality type that's like, when the shit hits the fan, when the rubber meets the
road, then it's like, well, wait a minute, you know, I, I, I, I was doing that because
I like fairness, I like ownership, I like hierarchy, I like, I like my comfort.
My comfort is now being threatened.
The thing that changed in between Boy Scout, Frank Sinatra, saying, fuck the world if you're
going to be racist, and Frank Sinatra, like, publicly flogging emotionally a black man
on stage for his adoring fans, the thing that changes in between there is that the
world changes.
And the thing that remains the same is Frank's in control and saying, fuck you.
Like, I don't think he liked being told what to do.
There's a story that when he, and also, I mean, it's all been told to so many documentaries
and books about him, and TV pieces.
When he was, when he first started out, they made him, they made him change his name when
he was working at some club, and I think it was Frank Diamond, he was, he had to change
his name too, and he did a couple gigs with Frank Diamond, I might be getting that wrong.
And he changed his name back, he's like, he's like, like, he was working at a club because
I can't tell my mom or my grandma or my family that I changed the family name.
And he said, you'll never work with the name Sinatra because no one wants to listen to a
nigger record.
And because the Irish were niggers, the Italians were niggers, like that's, that's what white
people called anybody that was not like a white Protestant.
And so like his, like his, Dukes were always up about being told what to do.
And also like, he was Italian, he's really fucking proud of that.
And they said, you'll never work because being Crosby is like, he's, he's in charge.
And he's like, fuck being Crosby, like he went after being Crosby.
And then later had to get gone after by Elvis and endure that, like he had to do that same.
He works really hard to get the first Catholic president elected.
He had a lot to do with Kennedy getting elected.
Yeah.
And that's where the mob stuff was honest.
That's what I thought was ironic because I thought the other stuff was apocryphal because
in a world, in a documentary where they were honest about the fact that, oh, actually no,
he got Kennedy elected because he had mob influence and, and period.
Yeah.
I was like, well, this seems like an honest thing to say.
So maybe the, if they say the other stuff is apocryphal, maybe it's apocryphal, but
you're right.
It did.
It was clearly produced by people that were.
I think the thing was always that he was in charge.
I think I've even heard like when he was a little kid, his mom was like super alpha,
like really in charge.
And the kids would come over and she'd make dinner for all the neighborhood kids.
And he was a little guy.
He wasn't a tough guy, but he was like the, like the mayor of his block when he was a
little shrimpy kid because he was just super in charge.
Like he had to be the boss of everything, even as a little boy.
So, how do we undo talking about Frank Sinatra for 25 minutes?
What do we do?
Scooter rap!
Yeah!
Are you ready Dan?
I'm doing the camera.
This is your rap.
Well you, you put it at, uh, I'll rap about you.
Well, his name is SCUDA.
Scooter rap.
H-T-A-S-K-U-T-A
Okay
Alright
Well, his name is S-K-O-O-D-A
No
Right, get closer
Get closer
Good, good
His name is S-K-U-D-A
H-T-A
Q-T-A
S-K-U-T-A
Hey, hey, hey
Hey, yup guy, come up on stage, you want to feel it like you're the hype man to do some yups on this.
Oh, shit!
And when you feel it, when you feel it's the time in the rap to do it, you lay it in there.
We're going to get some scooter.
I said we're going to get some scooter.
I got my boys got a 72 Barracuda. I've got my boys with his name as scooter.
He's wearing all these checks. He's riding all these checks. He's eating all these checks. He's riding all these checks.
My boy, he's got these checks.
We are meant to be S-E-O-U-T-A-R-A family.
Yo, family.
Scooter rap, scooter rap.
Yo, Scooter rap, bad family. I got this shit on the motherfucking rim of me.
Alright, yup guy, yup guy.
Oh, that's the yup guy?
This is yup guy.
Alright, yup guy, let's have a seat. Let's have some de neumar here.
Let's have some de neumar.
Can we go, do we have the technology to replay the tape and find out what you rhymed family with? Rammamy?
I don't like rammamy.
I like the refreshing.
My thing is that, listen, my family, they've been ramming me with all this negativity, man.
And I just drove cross country because I heard some good spirits and some beautiful people, some of which are here tonight.
And I love some of what the hamburger glue was saying before.
Ladies and gentlemen, life being beautiful, I'd like to take this moment for five dollars.
You can subscribe to our podcast and find out what this guy actually looks like.
It's not, it's not exactly.
Oh Jesus, it's just, wow.
Casualties.
He almost broke his own glasses. It's like a one man Twilight Zone episode. Time enough at last.
Finally gets a head bang.
All I want, oh wait, my book on head banging, I can't read it.
Joe, you'll hardly ever see that episode of Twilight Zone when that guy is sitting in the airplane and he's like,
he's chilling in the airplane and he's like, I'm having a good time of shit.
And then like at the end of the episode, he looks out the window.
That was me, boy.
Wait, what?
That's an episode of Twilight Zone?
The guy takes an entire plane ride and then looks out the window and someone says, Now's a guy boy.
Jeff Saw.
I've, I've, no.
Yeah, I saw it.
Jeff, you saw me boy.
I don't know.
Like, what's your name first off?
My name's Dave, man.
My real name's Dave.
That's right.
My name's Dave.
That doesn't surprise me a bit.
My name's Dave Kline.
My name's Dave Kline, baby.
Dave, where you from, man?
I'm from New Jersey, baby, and you've been Frank Sinatra for real for real though for
real.
Where you from?
I'm from Paramus, New Jersey.
I was born in Manhattan because my mama was an opera singer.
Oh, and then she put you in a basket and sent you the wrong way down the river in an anti
Moses story.
Oh, man, you'll love this, you'll love this on me.
My mama, my mama was the leading colorator at New York City Opera.
She was the leading what?
The leading colorator soprano, which is like real high.
So if you sing up, so like, I'm a bad boy.
So like, my voice, my lady, my voice, girl, girl, girl, girl, great.
That's my papa, who's also an opera singer.
My mama was the leading colorator soprano in New York City Opera, and she got pregnant.
And what happened was they brought in an understudy and they were like, yo, you getting old?
We don't like the way you look no more.
You getting pregnant?
We're going to be in this, we're going to be in this gal, right?
And we're going to see what she's at.
We're going to see what she do when mom's pregnant with me, looking at her destiny in
the face and she keeps singing.
Mama kept singing.
All right.
No, she's pregnant.
While she's pregnant with me, daddy sing, bae's mama kept singing, but wait, wait, she
kept singing in the theater was firing her.
Did she keep singing in New Jersey or just you know, no, no, my mom, my mom said, fuck
childbirth.
I'm having a caesarean.
She has a caesarean.
What has me pulled out of her?
Which trimester on stage?
This is actually a David Lynch film directed by Matthew Farney mid eighties.
This is like heavy duty, heavy hitters.
This is the most ancient Greek way to describe my mom got laid off and had a caesarean.
My mom had my body untimely ripped from her womb.
That's what would happen to normal humans, but Mama Klein in a normal human.
She had me cut out.
Your name is Dave Kline, my name is Dave Kline, you don't have to press rewind on
that either.
So, okay, so mama Klein has me ripped out of whatever parts I was growing in because
they want the normal parts.
That's a damn sure and they pull me out of there and I come scurrying out and sniffing
out and I'm more of a macho main Randy Savage guy.
I don't know.
I would say they pull me out.
Long story short, mama Klein's a fucking baller and a rider.
She was ready to go.
They sewed her up and she was on stage singing man all as man all three weeks after having
her gut split open and having me fall out of her and spill over.
You could take away from that that your mom's a workaholic that didn't care about your well-being.
Well...
No, Jen, she was a writer, and she was a baller.
I mean, this gets into...
The thing is like being the son of an extraordinary woman is a difficult thing.
Oh, okay, I like that.
That's good.
That's true.
Yeah, you know what?
And it was hard for her, and they gave her a try, but she still had you.
And yeah, so your burden as a white male with a remarkable mother...
Yeah, I have a lot of guilt, and so I have a lot of guilt, yeah.
She paid a little forward.
She's like, fuck that guy.
I'll have privilege.
I'll semi-abort him and then go back to work.
Like, let him go up to the plates with a couple of strikes.
She knew that she had a fury line in her, and that like she could kind of throw the kid to the wall.
Some kids, when they get thrown to the wolves, they get eaten.
Right.
I got thrown to the wolves.
Others become edipus.
Yo, you know what, you know, you know, Harmon?
Harmon.
It was also very...
You know, Harmon, would you just say about my mama?
Would you just Greek edipus say about my mama?
I said, you may be destined to have sex with her.
I implied, I implied.
You know, all I'm gonna say is that good hair runs in the bloodline.
Is your mom...
Is your mom still with us?
She is.
Her name's Claudette Peterson.
She's a beautiful woman, yeah.
Where does she live?
How beautiful is she, Dave?
Oh, boy.
Family.
How beautiful is my mama?
My mama is so beautiful.
How beautiful is she?
My mama is so beautiful that Aristotle had to go into the future,
find my mama, find the time machine,
go back in time so that he could write the right answer for what's beauty.
Because when Aristotle wrote it right in the future past,
he said beauty is Mama Klein.
$5 a fair lot of you will get you the live stream.
Subscribe now.
Find out what Dave Kline fucking looks like.
He's like Spencer on ketamine.
I was gonna say is super cool.
You take a marijuana joint, you lace it with PCP.
You ever have one of those, Dave?
You ever puff a super cool?
I actually love to smoke weed.
That's a huge reason why I claimed out here.
I love it, by the way. I don't know if Dave Kline has any take on that.
Well, not to get too real on that,
but I went to an all-boys Catholic super sport factory for high school.
We lost a couple of boys in the towers,
and I was in a classroom watching it.
But you confused me with, you went to a factory for collegiate sports.
Is that like a puppy mill?
Like you went to a factory instead of a school,
like we're gonna make you an athlete.
What they do is like there's certain places in America where they say like,
yo, society's real fucked up and they don't know anything.
So like we don't really know a lot of things,
but what we do know are like a couple of them.
And like what we know,
and like what we know, what we know we're gonna fucking like do.
And we're gonna do this shit like hard.
We're gonna go hard on what we know.
Now listen, boy, we don't know nothing.
You gotta never forget that you know nothing.
Think about that.
Nothing. You really know.
Anyway, Harmon knows this. Harmon knows this.
You don't know anything until you channel the fury into one or two pursuits.
Yeah, start jumping down on them all the way, sniffing around.
The exits are two in the back.
One behind me.
So your school had a lacrosse team?
My school, no, no, my school like...
Please file out an orderly fashion.
This is a real story.
Like for instance, our football team produced the defensive rookie
of the year in the NFL.
No shit, isn't it Brian Cushing?
But you use the word factory.
I just want to know, is that like an actual like cultural thing?
Yeah, a sports factory or what are called magnet schools.
Okay.
For like virtuosic athletes.
So not for nothing. I was a virtuosic swimmer.
And I fly through the water and struggle on earth.
You do seem like a super soldier program gone awry.
It does seem like genetically you were gonna tell all the cards
and then you just made...
Well, I'm not to say... 90 degree choices.
Gentlemen, you came out of the vat and you were like,
where's the record store?
Gentlemen, we finally received funding for Operation Metal Beast.
It looks like if we took you into like an army barracks
and you heard like buzz clippers coming for a while,
like a really marketable guy might emerge.
Here's the thing, Dan.
I went to a school where I got to see a lot of things
of like where the future was gonna go if I went a one direction.
And I did a bad and crazy thing
and got crazy addicted to drugs and alcohol.
Which ones?
Marijuana and alcohol.
Marijuana.
Put out most of the alcohol, but it was really...
Well, for whatever, this is all personal choices.
It was more than I was just a real dark human being
and wasn't like powerful or skilled,
which when you're not powerful or skilled
then you want to be powerful and skilled.
There's like a shadow from your mom,
like you see these photos of your mom being super talented
and this mythology of your mom being so talented
that you had to be ripped from her womb
so that she could get back to work.
Well, I guess my take on it is that I don't think it's a mythology.
I think everybody should...
Well, when I say mythology, I don't mean lies.
Right.
I was afforded some truths that like you can be great
if you can like be patient
and only care about like a couple fucking things.
Keep your family fucking close.
You...
So it's family values.
Family values.
That's what the yips were for.
You finally got it.
All right, Dave Kline, are you going to...
Are you living in LA now?
Are you going to be coming back with your yips and your...
This is the crazy thing.
I came out here for my friend's wedding
and that turned into a...
Well, I might as well...
And that turned into a...
A nul...
Oh shit, an annulment.
Sorry.
No.
It's not my...
It's just because of your toast, as it was, I was thinking.
Just imagining your toast.
No comment.
Look, I've known Stuart a long time!
Wow!
Here's the thing.
When you know someone
and you really know someone
and you don't know anyone else but that person
and you're focusing your knowledge on them
and you have a connection.
And then the father of the bride is like,
What's the toast?
What are you toasting to?
I understand it's passionate.
What is it?
Well, the funny thing is that this actually happened.
It's pretty much exactly how it went down.
Oh, I'm sorry.
But your friend's still married, right?
The gal is the most forgiving and beautiful
and wonderful and understanding person.
Fucking hamburglers.
Adam Goldberg's obviously jealous for obvious reasons.
Have you ever seen the video game Space Ace?
Adam Goldberg turns into you when you hit that button.
Daphne!
It's an old reference.
You can actually download Space Ace on the Apple Store.
It's like five bucks.
You can play this whole game.
Blueith made these laser duck video games back then.
Dragon's Lair and Space Ace.
It was incredible.
We thought that's what interactivity was going to be.
It was going to be like a video game.
You just watch a cartoon.
But all it was was you were watching a cartoon
and then an arrow would pop up and you had to hit the joystick the right way.
Anyways, so are your friends here?
By any chance did you come here with the wedding?
Are they still here?
Is the groom here?
I feel like we should bring the groom up
but we also need to bring our friends out.
We're going to get the show on the run.
I want to say one of the main...
There's a constellation of reasons I came out here.
One of for real and it's so lame
but I'm going to give a voice to a lot of fucking people here.
What you do here is so cool and powerful
and chill and just opens up a lot of cool avenues.
I think he knows what he's talking about.
It's just...
I like you and Superman tonight.
And just thanks for having this
because I listened to the podcast
and let me know that LA has some shit that I want to do
that isn't like the crazy...
Are you Jeff Spielberg?
Are you Bob Tarantino?
It's like...
You can come out here and form a community of your own
with one of the biggest resources of LA
now that we can all make movies and put them on YouTube
it's actually not the place you need to come because there's sound stages.
The reason to come now is because of the bumper crop of creative people
sitting around spinning their wheels.
You can form your own communities.
You can do new things.
You can form a new industry.
Dave Kline is now Genuflecting.
Listen, listen.
We're here because he's right
and I love you guys and I'm going to bounce much love.
Oh, nice!
And he self exits.
I like this guy.
Dave Kline, the youp guy.
Youp?
All right, all right.
No, Scooter, no, Scooter, oh, Scooter, don't take that the wrong way.
When I say Dave, you say youp.
Dave, youp.
When I say Scooter, you spell it.
Scooter, S-C-U-T-A.
S-K-U-T-A.
It rhymes so you remember it the next day.
I tried to get out like mid-senaturing talk
and I felt that would destroy the crowd.
We needed you to hear us ballast for a while.
As a physical buffer, like, you took a couple hits there.
Scooter.
I didn't want to get me to deal with that.
I did get like several, like, hair whips of the face.
And it's fine.
It's going fine.
No, Scooter, it's a different case with you.
I mean, that guy was, he was a character.
We like it when the characters self exit
because otherwise the alternative is like cattle prods and stuff like...
You have a very kind hearted nature.
We knew we could have asked you to leave at any time.
I'm sorry, I praised him for self exiting.
Did not mean that you have been lingering like a...
I hadn't said anything for a while, sir.
Scooter, you're not leaving. You're staying the whole show up here.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Scooter ain't leaving.
He's like a...
He's our fuzzy dice.
Scooter's fuzzy dice.
You're what makes...
You bring the whole Chevy together.
I got my Scooter in the rearview.
Poppin' on the page tonight.
It's a surf-aid song.
This is a surf-aid song.
Yeah, I don't know.
Poppin' on the AIDS?
I gotta run, run, run and be aware of AIDS today.
Sorry, if the surfer culture came back but was more modern
and I got my red ribbon on my vest.
I feel like we're living in a strange vacuum
after Dave Kline got off the stage.
He brought a lot of power.
It's like coming down off...
I actually see the serotonin that's just all left our bodies.
That's actually...
If you imagine that guy, but if he didn't like me,
that's my brother.
That's what makes me kind of enamored with him.
I'm like, ah, man.
All the zeal, none of the affection?
Yeah, I love this...
My brother was so passionate.
That was a pleasure, Dave. Thank you, man.
It's a very spiritual, interesting thing.
I like that his life is mythical, that he has a goddess for a mom.
Really, there's more there.
We live in a world like...
We all have our filters, we all have our things that we keep hidden.
Dave, you come up here and you dance and you head bang and stuff like that.
You also reveal a lot about yourself,
but even then, I'm sure there's stuff that you have to hide about yourself.
I hide behind a suit.
He also revealed a lot about the skill of the carpenters
that assembled this platform.
I don't think that that was ever expected of them.
You think in LA, if you're not making a movie, you're probably phoning it in,
but whoever made this platform wasn't fucking around.
He revealed a lot about the limits of Scooters physical endurance.
Anyways...
I just like it when it's straight, no chaser. It was very good.
It's been a wonderful, organic show, but only at the expense of...
We've deprived our friends.
It's not deprived our audience friends anymore. Let's bring out DeMorge Brown and Spencer Crittenden, shall we?
It's our fact to follow, boys!
Hey, Spencer, what was it like to see the version of you
that would have existed had you been Superman
and Superman for a quest for peace had been a thing?
Eric clapped.
You know, the Internet's a great place.
I was trolling the Reddit thread about this episode
and someone pulled up a picture of him with his family from the past.
Whoa!
It's creepy, man. It's a creepy world.
Not the photo. You're saying the ability to see that is creepy.
Yeah, I mean, who knew? Right?
Yeah.
It's just you come up five seconds later.
Your whole Zaba Search is up there on Reddit.
Zaba Search is a great website for pervs and stalkers, so...
You're one-stop cyber-bullying shop.
Zaba Search.
What was the thing they used to humiliate that Star Wars kid?
Was that...
There was like a certain program that was referenced.
Remember the Star Wars kid?
Yeah, it was like a video that was shared way before YouTube.
I know it was on Napster.
Yeah, it was like a file-sharing service.
Sorry, it was a Z...
I remember.
Yeah.
I wonder what happened with that kid.
It's just like...
What a weird phenomenon that was.
It's still such weird things.
We're 20 years into everybody's listening, everybody's watching,
and we're still... I don't know if this will ever stop.
We're still so fascinated with the minutiae,
because these things pop up out of context and brought to the fore.
Now I'm thinking of the Africa AIDS joke lady,
and how that phenomenon happened, how she was tweeting,
and she made this dumb, bad joke, because she's not a comedian.
Exactly, yeah. And by the time she landed in Africa,
she was literally world-famous, and definitely fired,
and definitely...
It's absolutely no judgment on...
I think that's the thing is like...
Why judgment?
Outside of that, the phenomenon happening becomes the bigger story.
We have the power now to destroy human life.
Outside of referendum, outside of criminal courts,
outside, we can really... We've always had that power,
but it was like broadcast news would occasionally graze
across an individual human life, and it was like,
oh, you were on the nightly news, and it was like a rarer thing.
But now you can just go from the airport, fuck it around,
to the cover of Time Magazine in a bad way,
in the span of a three-hour span.
And I don't...
It's equal parts scary and kind of invigorating,
because also, this is the same thing that we're finding out.
It's not like cops are all of a sudden going insane.
Clearly, it's been a high-pressure job for a while,
and some shit's been swept into the carpet,
and individual instances are becoming able to...
Everybody was wearing a camera at all times.
Yeah, now we're just like...
We're awakening to this world of taste buds.
Everything tastes all fucked up,
and we're focusing on these individual things.
I think my hope is that we can aggregate that
into some common-sense stuff about, for instance...
It's going to force people to be serious about what they say and what they do.
You see politicians now who are, I assume, older.
Maybe this is why, but they're behind the curve,
and you have them telling stories, or their renditions of things,
because they're used to being caught up to,
if they're going to get vetted maybe a year or two years later,
and now it's happening pretty much instantly.
It happened to Hillary when she was talking about that plane landing.
Well, also, this new phenomenon, this next generation of politicians,
like, okay, so the guy that took over the Daily Show,
he made, when he was 20-something,
like, oh my God, the jokes that I made when I was in my 20s,
and the guy that's taken over the Daily Show,
so we saw that phenomenon.
It was like, he was vetted, because John Stuart is, for better or for worse,
a senator, and he's retiring,
and the guy taking his place needed to be vetted,
and he was vetted via the Internet,
and there's a public record of him growing as a comedian,
including all of his Jew jokes and his misogyny,
and stuff like him experimenting with trying to be funny.
And so, like, politicians, holy shit, man,
like, the next generation of people trying to be senators and presidents,
you're gonna be able to go back and go like, yeah,
like, I want to think of it as a good thing,
but my concern is that it's just gonna enter a new, like, Elizabethan kind of,
or Victorian, I don't know anything about history.
No, no, no, no.
That prudence will reign, and that will not free us.
I think what's happening right now is that, like,
I mean, I hate politics, and I don't like Republicans or Democrats particularly,
and that people have this choice to make with Hillary,
she'll be the only nominee, right?
And there are people that are, like, she's not a perfect candidate,
but I think nowadays, I don't think there'll ever be such a thing as a perfect candidate again,
because there'll be no secrets, no mysteries.
All of your warrants and pimples and flaws are gonna be so much a matter of public record
from your entire existence that maybe there's a possible possibility.
Or there will be superhumans like Barack Obama,
who, like, he, like, the thing that was significant about him to me
was his ability to withstand all of that shit.
That became a kind of hero's journey in and of itself.
I started rooting for him, because as much as I hate politicians,
I'm like, fuck yeah, fuck you for trying to, like, dirty this guy,
and you can't find it, you can't figure it out,
you can't figure out why he's a bad guy.
But my concern is that then it's just, like, we evolve in that direction,
that these people continue to, like, you pull them out of their mother's womb
by either untimely or not,
and you put it on a scale and you barcode.
I mean, this is already my perception of the political career path.
Like, they're pulled out of a womb in a different hospital.
Have you noticed that we're getting less upes now that they've got all out of a system?
Like, yeah, he's good.
He's now in his mind, he's curled up in his mother's breast going,
youp.
Youp.
Or she's going, like, youp.
It's way higher, way higher, she's a soprano.
Youp, and the glasses are breaking.
That's why he brings two pairs of glasses on stage.
What is my point?
When I was a communications major in college, my professor, Ken Sobiak, said,
with technology comes, we keep trying to figure out,
is this good technology or bad technology?
MP3, direct broadcast satellite, internet, YouTube.
It always turns out it's more good and more bad.
I keep, the internet...
We put Scooter to work apparently trying to kill me.
Scooter's now become bartender, I love that.
The internet represents, like, new...
Scooter, you like one?
No, I'm good, thank you.
New opportunities for the truth to come out,
just worry that it represents a new agenda for lies to get more games of thrownies.
I think what it's going to inevitably do,
and it does, like, to people that, like, when you first get on Twitter
and you have five followers, you make poopy jokes and nanny jokes, you don't give a shit,
then, like, if you're, like, you, like, all of a sudden,
you cross a critical mass threshold of amount of followers,
you already have to start sanding the edges down
and then trimming, like, major, like, corners off and...
Yeah.
You have to decide what stick you are,
because it's not like I'm just, like, some bland vanilla person,
but I did have to pick which fucking specific stick I was.
You know what?
I was right.
I did the wrong thing, and I made the right decision afterwards.
I posted a video for, like, 10 seconds from...
I went against everything I believe in.
I went to this music festival called Stagecoach,
because my friend was singing, and it's Coachella, but country music.
It's on the same fairgrounds.
I despise music festivals because it's a bunch of douchebags,
and it's dirt everywhere.
And you have to eat some horrible pizza,
and it was great because, like, you know,
I saw Merle Haggard, which I loved, and it was very fun.
Everybody, every girl there, unanimously, in short shirts,
which seems like something that I'd be all for,
but it was like...
They were all just, like, young and just...
Like, it was just...
You think it was...
What bothered me, it was 100% white people,
and it's like, you can't have a festival like this.
Gross!
I know.
Makes you old, Joe.
No, no, it's like...
I don't like when it's homogenous like that.
It's just like, that's not a festival.
Like, have a couple, like, other people.
So anyway, I was walking by this...
Like, don't just have an all-white festival.
So, not by design, it's a country festival, so, of course.
But I was walking by this trash can,
and they have recycle bin, landfill bin, compost bin.
And there was a security guard kind of supine
laying there lazily on some hay bales next to those,
doing nothing.
Like a he-ha sketch.
Out of some corn stalks, and at some point,
Ray Price came through.
So, Ray Price was it.
Anyway, there was this two girls,
and I took a video, which is quite hilarious,
and I'll show you after the show if you'd like to see it.
Two girls wearing the same outfit, white short shirts,
and one girl was holding the other girl's hair back
as the other girl was vomiting,
and I thought quite cleverly into the compost bin.
I thought that was nice.
That's good, right?
That would be like the best compost ever.
Not landfill, it's not landfill.
You don't want to recycle.
But also it doesn't ruin the compost process, right?
I think you're speeding it up.
I think you're halfway home.
I'm actually actually gay.
I'm almost certain if you've vomited on a corn field,
you'd grow some nice ass corn.
Aren't there worms in there doing work?
So, I don't know if the vomit kills the worms,
maybe it's actually bad.
I think at this stage in the game,
there's nothing happening yet.
Later on, you want worms to suck.
Okay, I'm confused.
I don't know.
This is a trash can.
I've never seen a compost bin at a major event,
so that's very cool.
And also, I thought,
how good for this gal for holding the hair back?
So, I guess, I'm like, got it.
I'm walking by, my phone was in my hand,
I'm like, boop, video.
And I go by, and what I wanted to do,
because the girl's legs was kind of spread,
and I wanted to end the shot by going down
and seeing the word compost,
because that would be hilarious.
And then I would kind of zoom in
and I would win a Pulitzer Prize.
When I get down to the final shot,
it turns out her legs were too close together
and I'm just now filming her ass.
And you're calling out, spread your legs.
Spread them!
Show me the compost bag.
So, now I'm just creepy and McTavish,
I'm 49 years old, I'm 40.
Creepy and McTavish?
I'm doubled her age, their age.
And the hilarious thing is,
when I watched a video, and it's so good,
is that each time she vomits and she vomits,
she hurls twice in a six-second span,
she does a little turkey booty shake.
And it's really funny,
so I put it online on Instagram,
I said, a good friend,
a good person holds her friend's hair back
when she's puking.
A great person makes sure it's in the compost bin.
Stagecoach 2015, hashtag booty shake.
And it was up for fucking five seconds
and I had eight hate mails.
You invasive, creepy asshole,
take that down.
Because the end of your shot, you showed it to me.
I just ran out.
You were trying for that compost label,
but you successfully just framed her ass.
Should I show it on camera?
Should we show this?
Yeah, you should.
The audience won't see it, though.
No, I'm not great.
Well, DeMorge, you were going to say something.
You kept getting derailed.
I'll show you after the show.
We were talking about the internet's dual capacity
for truth-bringing, but also then encouraging lies.
I just think that it's going to create other specialties,
other jobs, which are the people who,
the people who are telling these stories.
So especially in politics, you have people running for office
who are going to have these anecdotes.
I mean, Romney had an anecdote when she talked
about a very clear memory of at some sort of convention,
being at some sort of convention with his father,
and his father's holding him in his arms,
and the convention he's talking about,
he hadn't been born yet.
So all it took was an intern at Matt out to go,
hey, we got this thing,
and then that was the half the episode was that.
And then just playing that over and over again,
and then going, let's look at the timeline
and doing graphics and other shit.
And so they're going to need people implanted in,
and what you had with Obama was you had people
who recognized, okay, here's another channel.
You can't get everybody directly,
but there's this internet thing,
and there's this information that's traveling faster,
and there's a way people read information.
The whole results are coming out,
because news agencies are not news agencies anymore
by the normal sort of accords.
Now they just want clicks.
That's why he won't.
So they're reprinted, they're reprinted.
Yeah, they were just faster.
They were faster, they were quicker, they were better.
He's just like racing grandpa.
It was exactly what JFK beat Nixon.
It was just sort of like the new technology
and like Nixon, I don't know if it's apocryphal or not,
but Nixon refused makeup for the first debate.
And sweated, and looked nervous, and sweated, and looked horrible.
And wore a wool suit on TV.
You're being digitized into a box,
and no one's gonna know you're wearing makeup.
And he was like, lay it on me,
like give me all the stage makeup.
Yeah.
But yeah, and so with Obama,
you've got like, okay,
so you're good at having even Dan Harmon respect you.
Like, you can't even, like, he's bulletproof,
like from all views, you know, there's no stories,
there's no, you know, and then it's like,
but then it's like you're president for eight years,
and it's like Guantanamo doesn't close,
and the district, the fucking attorney general
is like waging war on pot dispensaries
while the pot is becoming increasingly legal.
It's all the same horse shit, political shit,
anything that matters to me,
this president is no different from fucking anybody
that came before him,
he's just another fucking president.
My question is like, are we ever gonna get to the point
where like something snaps where we have a choice
between having a human being as a civil servant?
We go like, well, this guy walks with a limp
and hates Malaysians and smoked pot
and had a bad divorce and like,
like here's all his flaws,
but blah, blah, blah, fucking blah,
and you know what, also, not even a big fan
of this hot button or that hot button,
but civil servant, like wants to save the country.
Where the presidency wasn't a celebrity office,
it used to be, it's kind of a very, very clerk.
You go back to the days where the opposition,
the group in power, the group not in power
actually respected the presidency.
And there was a point where that turned,
where they said, okay, now we're going to violate even that.
Right, and there was a point when the League of Women Voters,
I think this was in the 70s,
who used to always moderate all the debates,
retired from the process,
and issued a statement that should be emblazoned
on tablets and thrown down upon us
as we dance naked around golden calves.
But instead, because it wasn't written by God
and was written by the League of Women Voters,
is forgotten.
But they, in a paragraph, fucking just, like, summed up.
They said, we are not moderating debates anymore.
I'm not quoting them at all.
Look it up.
Look what they said when they retired from the thing.
I will paraphrase them for my own purposes and say,
they said, we are tired of participating
in a bipartisan sham.
We are tired of participating in a rehearsed fucking thing.
This is all bullshit.
We are not doing this anymore.
Dave, can I get a yop?
There you are.
Like the Comedy Central roast was taken over by Comedy Central,
I assume, because the Friars had a problem with it,
for better or for worse.
Everyone was just like, okay, fine, ladies,
no more debates, hosted by you, anyways.
And it's just like, there is a big, big, big, big,
we're drunk on our own success.
When you're an empire, who's going to tell you to change?
Why would you ever change?
The reason you change is because you're losing.
You got to look at the team above you and go,
we're getting our asses kicked.
We got to shake things up.
But the people at the top, the empire is always just crumble
because they don't fucking figure it out.
Why can't you just figure it out?
Why can't you just look at your own bullshit
and go, look at this old mailman landing on the lawn
and his flying helicopter.
All he's saying is, why is money involved in government?
That doesn't make any sense.
We're at King's Landing, where money runs everything,
but why the fuck are our civil servants?
Why should money affect your election?
That's insane.
You're controlling the free world.
That's a complete...
If you just think about that with common sense for a second,
everything says campaign reform, campaign reform,
and everyone in charge of everything that would ever change that
is already lining their pockets so it would never change.
So the fucking guy got in a goddamn flying bicycle,
and he called the government and said,
I'm coming in!
And he wrote letters saying, I'm coming in!
And he mostly thought he'd be shot down
because he thought that might happen,
and if that happens,
maybe that will be a life well spent as an American.
And he landed on the fucking Congress's lawn
and because he got through safely, CNN is just going,
so how much more money should we spend on missile defense?
First the left, then the right.
This is the full view.
Well, I believe we should spend 50 million dollars on missiles.
I mean, that guy could have been loaded with ISIS people.
Well, I disagree.
I think only three ISIS people could be on that copter.
So I think we should be 100 million.
Well, you've just witnessed the left and the right.
Those are your margins.
Get back to work, cocksuckers.
Sorry if you're a cocksucker.
This segment brought to you by Honda Motors.
How about the idea that this old fucking hippie civil servant
who delivers mail to people,
which is a government agency which has never taken any of your taxes,
that runs on its own money,
which is why they sold stamps.
They figured out self-sufficiency in an age when the FCC
couldn't give up their fucking power enough to go away
when grace would have demanded it.
Like, this guy is legacy.
He should be a national hero.
In Europe, they celebrate the lives of people who tried to blow up the government.
They're cool that way.
They have maturity on their side.
They can handle it.
We can't even fucking, like, we fire Bill Marver,
calling the terrorists not cowards,
and then we yell at him for being an Islamophobe 10 years later.
Like, we don't know what we're doing except that we're scared.
We're scared to talk wrong or we're scared to be wrong.
This fucking guy is 70 years old
and said in his manifesto video,
when he was absolutely established that he was perfectly sane.
He's fucking Joan of Arc saying, like,
I just don't want to have spent my life in this great country
watching it fall apart.
I just want to do something as I enter the twilight of my life
that I think might make a difference.
So I am a mailman, so I'm making this mail vehicle,
and I am writing a letter to each senator.
We should listen to anybody that, in their spare time,
makes a goddamn helicopter plane thing.
That's pretty cool.
And we can't handle the fact
that we should have been better able to shoot him down.
First of all, who gives a fuck
if their goddamn House of Congress is defended?
Fuck you.
It's not an important building.
It's a bunch of fucking idiots.
They don't fucking care.
Defend the fucking coastline.
Defend the fucking, like, people.
If you want to kill senators, they're never there.
That's the worst place to bomb.
Yeah, fucking blow up a bathhouse down the street.
Like, fuck, what the fuck are these people?
Blow up a TGI Friday.
Throw up trees.
They're people that want to be powerful
and work for no money.
Oh, where will we find another one of those?
The government's not going to fucking fail
if you blow up that.
Okay, all right.
You're dead.
All right.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Okay.
Edit that.
Let's play it.
Why don't we harness our blowing up things
into some shadow run?
Scooter, will you play with us?
Yeah, absolutely.
Scooter, is he going to be mercy or the doctor?
What would you like to be?
Oh, yeah, your choice, Scooter.
The doctor is spelled with a K.
No, no, no.
Good.
Yeah, I'll do the doctor.
I was trying to just run through what they'd done in the past.
I'll do the doctor.
All right, so do we be cis-normative
and bring up a girl to play mercy,
or do we, we haven't had any women up here.
Adam, Adam, no, you had your moment, Adam.
It's fucking Dave Kline up here to fucking do this.
Wait, really?
No.
No, no, Dave Kline had his spotlight.
I saw a timid hand here.
Oh, you're Jen, you're up before.
Well, okay, let's, let's, let's get some new blood.
Right here, what's your name?
Equally timid hand.
I'm Alisa.
Alisa?
Like the name would, that's the audition.
Do you want to come up?
Okay.
Alisa, everybody, welcome here to the stage.
I guess if you said I am Hitler, it would be a name,
it would be like, ah, oh, Hitler.
All right, Dan, do you want to pass down the character sheets, please?
Alisa, what's your, what's your backstory?
Well, I'm, oh, hi, I'm,
You can figure this out, right?
It's a pile of folders.
Unfortunately, my background isn't as cool as everyone else's,
you know, but,
Whose background tonight has been cool?
cool. Dave fucking crying. Yeah, Dave, I can't even compare to that. I was born and raised
in the valley, so. Well, okay. So, are you a regular here? Is this your first show? Oh
no, I've been here a couple times actually. You know, I sit in the corner. Do you listen
all the time? Uh, me mean online? Because I'm kind of cheap. I don't. You from the valley?
What city? North Hills. Yeah, what high school did you go to? James Monroe High School. James
Monroe? Monroe. Monroe. Yeah. Yeah. Was it was it was it was a skiddy? Yeah. Pretty nasty. You
know, Monroe hit women. Was that LA Unified? Or is that a different thing as Valley? Yeah,
yeah. See anybody from the LA area knows about LA USD. It's kind of like, uh, I don't know.
I don't know anything about that. Kids come up, they talk about their school. They go like,
I'm from what a, what a, what a work up. And I go like, Oh, cool. Most people who have actually
lived in the valley have never heard of Monroe. They know of the other schools
around there, but never Monroe. It's a failure school. What are you, so you're a
college student? What's your what's your ambition? What's your interest? Are you
in high school? No. I dropped out of college twice. Wait, I got confused.
Oh, he asked you what school you went to. Yeah, that's a school, high school. What are you, what's
your do you have a do you have a like a light that you're headed towards? I hope
not. Is she dying? That would be terrible, I think. I'm kind of young. An ambition,
you know, a fantasy, good job. Well, I do have a job and working at a Universal
Studios Hollywood for the past four years as a ride operator. Oh, yeah,
operator. Which ride? I used to work there. What were you working? I used to work at
Jurassic Park River Adventure, Despicable Me, Minion, Mayhem, The Mummy Ride, and
Super Silly Funnet. I spent a summer dressed up as Harry from Harry and the
Hennison's in a Sasquatch suit. I want to ask you about the Jurassic Park ride,
but I think you'll get fired because it'll come back to you. It's the
best place to work. There's an urban myth about the ride about the t-rex
malfunctioning and spraying searing hot hydraulic fluid onto the people. That is
actually true and it doesn't, they don't do that anymore. Now it's just
pressurized there. Oh, no, they just roar at you. Now they just roar at you. Okay, yeah, now it's just, now it's okay, now nothing
gets sprayed at you. Chris Pratt came in and trained the t-rex. Stay. Like,
touched his nose and was just like, be still. When that doesn't really move. I was
working at Universal when that ride first opened, Jurassic Park ride. Well, just, I
think just after it opened and they wanted to put walk-around characters in
there and so they wanted, like, like for the back of the future they had like a
Doc Brown and he would run around and stuff and I was part of the walk. He's actually still there.
Might be the same guy. No, he's the actual original guy died like a
couple years ago. Yeah. I'm almost certain I shared a break room with him.
He was a sweetheart though. But there was, I went and auditioned. They thought
about having a, who's the doctor, the Attenborough from?
Dr. Hammond.
Dr. Hammond. Hammond?
John Hammond. John Hammond.
Him and a Malcolm, a Goldblum character and I went to the hand prop lot and I got
a leather jacket and I rehearsed and learned a Jeff Goldblum impression and
went to the hand prop lot, which is this enormous building down in the back lot.
And I walked in and I said, do you have Jeff Goldblum's glasses from Jurassic
Park? And they go, uh, yeah, we have the clear ones and the sunglasses. I go, okay,
where are they? I was just, I just walked in, no one knew who I was.
I think I, he goes, it's right here. He opened the case. He walked away. I just went,
took a, so on my, on my table, I still have the actual glasses that Goldblum wore.
Cause I'm a bad person.
That is the, you know, I, I talked about women's rights at one point and you guys
were pretty docile.
But stealing, no.
Yeah. I'm sorry. I keep them up on my desk. I look at them once around and go,
those are fucking Dr. Malcolm's glasses, man.
You guys, they had his prescriptions in there. So I had them popped out, took them
to a lens place and had them put just regular sunglasses.
Uh, god damn it. I don't want to do rail. Okay. We should, we should start, but the
fucking Jurassic world trailer came out and, uh, yeah, it was like, like, I, uh,
like, I don't know. It's like, like, I don't know. There's somebody,
sort of like informed, like, uh, nerds kind of hating on it. Like, it's like, oh,
it's going to be bad, but I don't really see any evidence. I mean, what the fuck
do you want from a, I wanted that world to have a history with the guy.
Well, you know, the girl, she had a history with Chris Pratt that they revealed.
That's dumb. That's too dot connected to me.
Yeah. Well, I mean, that's on the trailer. What, what did she, it was on the thing I saw.
I don't know.
Oh, was that not the trailer? That makes more sense. If it's not a trailer.
Well, Sam Neill is a backstory with his like hatred of children. I mean, like, I don't know.
Like Jurassic Park was a pretty satisfying popcorn movie. And, you know, like, like in the
Michael Creighton tradition of theme parks that seem like great ideas that then go wrong. And
what, what that brings out of people, like we've had a couple of Jurassic Park sequels that are
kind of like off the mark, given that that that's what really hits the spot is like, hey, it's a
park and then the dinosaurs and then it goes wrong. That's like the first movie is like the
park's not open yet. How the fucking parks open seems like a good sequel. Like, I love the premise.
I really do. But I don't, I don't, I don't like him like being a raptor whisperer. I think that's,
I don't think you need that. I like the idea of like the park is open. There's, there's a couple
thousand visitors and now disaster happen again. Yeah. It's kind of a nice parallel to the first
one and then bigger scale. Yeah. I mean, it's a disaster movie. Just make it. It's like Erwin
Allen is blazing inferno. If they made a bigger, crazier sea world Jurassic Park, I'd be totally
fine with that. It's a whole like those decades where it was like, we just like to go to movies
and watch like, like, like man's ambition, just go to shit. You know, it's like, it's just fun.
And there's a couple characters and they're the get out. You know, you introduce each character,
like, I'm the son of an opera singer and I, you get really specific. You find these characters
and it's like, you kind of get to pick your own, you know, favorite. Like, I hope that that guy
dies. Get picked off one by one and then one guy walks away from the whole fucking thing,
found a park and goes like, the park is closed. All right. I think that's the movie. Spencer,
catch us and scoot it up on the events of last, last time. I'm sorry. One more thing.
Frank Sinatra. This is for Los Angeles people. If anyone that's been to universal city walk,
like, do you, do you get high off the shot of the pterodactyls plucking people off and like,
so because it just looks like the city walk and it just like, I've been on that city walk
and I just want like flying lizards to come and just grab random people. All right.
Spencer, are you good to go? Yeah, I just want to say that when Dan was telling his story about
that male guy, I thought it was a metaphor for like two thirds of the story. No, it really happened.
Yeah. Like the president is like a mailman with a flying bicycle. And I want to know what's going
on with that guy. See, I would vote for that guy. Is that guy in Guantanamo now? Like, well,
is it, I mean, is he going to die mysteriously when we're not paid attention? He's duct taped
to a folding chair somewhere. We should have him on the show. Oh, yeah. And we should get him some
D&D books if he's in prison. Don't let me forget about that. Spencer, do we have a guest
uh, uh, encapsulator? Uh, yeah. His name was Steven Bassett. And also AIDS. AIDS also wrote
this intro. Steven Bassett, you said? I think, yeah. Any relation to Angela? I hope not. All right.
Here we go. Damn it. That would be so good.
Good. Oh, am I? You want to? I don't care.
And I don't, I don't, I don't want to distract everybody, but Spencer told me this is the music
he fucks to. So don't, I mean, just try to listen to the recap, but then don't picture that.
Yeah.
Last time on Heart. After a destroyed but surprisingly effective capture of crime syndicate
member Arturo Spaguli, our heroes took turns asking intimidating questions that left the
man confused. Nightblade cut through the confusion and with wide eyes and a lacerated hand, Arturo
pointed them back to the burger tyrant. At the restaurant, Eve started things off using her
stun gloves on the nearby guard, kicking him into cry cooks. Dr. Friend used a magical barrier to
trap the enemies while Nightblade found jelly dervish locked in a freezer. Uh, sorry, I'm
truncating this a little bit. It's long. Child in tow, the group quickly left the shot of burger
tyrant with the Doritos eating horticard, driving them away to a distinct dark area somewhere in
Seattle. But what will they do when they get there? Did Eve ruin the song butterfly kisses for
everyone? Let's find out now. All right. Thank you now.
So the whole squad right now we're all in the van. We got jelly dervish who's a 10 year old kid,
right? Uh, eight. Was he sure? I don't know. He's a youngster. Let's yeah. Um, and he's in the van
with us. And you also got our turtle Spagooly in the van and he's tied up. Right? Yep. And okay.
So are we at the dark area? You're in a dark area. What? Uh, we got jelly dervish. We got to bring
him back to our Johnson, right? Don't don't we have to bring him back to our Mr. Johnson? Yeah,
who was that by the way? That's our turtle talking. Cool Dave was retired for a while, right? Oh,
oh, what? Wait, who's asking? Who's Oh, just me. Oh, well, no, don't ask about our Johnson. Oh,
rude. Just trying to make a special name of our Johnson. What was his name? Ryan dervish. Ryan
dervish. Hey, uh, jelly jelly, we want to bring you back to your dad so we can get paid. You okay
with that? Oh, interesting. His dad, you say. Who's this talking? Arturo. Okay. All right,
you've got the floor. Oh, I'm just listening to your guys conversation. Those are mine. Seems
like you're doing more than that. Seems like a very assertive form of listening.
Listening usually takes the form of you don't get to be a mafia man by listening unassertively.
Okay. So wait, you saying you didn't know that this kid was was Ryan dervish's son? No,
I just didn't know he hired you guys to, you know, steal him from us. It's you sound so titillated
by that you're talking like a guy that wants to get whacked. I'm talking about a guy who knows
who to whack next. Might I suppose that one of us stays with the Spiguli art also that the rest of
us get out of the car and come to some sort of plane. Yeah, sounds good. So this is this is what
happens. We all get out of the band except for who's staying. Which one of you tied up. We can just
leave him there. I'm good. I someone should stay with him. I'll stay with Arturo. This is this
is good. I feel like you guys might be a little little one on one scene coming up with you and
Arturo Spiguli. This was the sort of horticards plan for entertainment purposes. On the com link,
is it possible I might call this dervish and find out where he is? Yeah. This is what I do.
And bleep, bleep, bleep. Hey, how's it going? Well, we have your, your, your, your target.
That's fantastic. Can you give us some sort of location or give me a fix on where you are? Why
don't you meet me at Hank's last stand where we first met? Will you tell those people there to
stand the fuck down and leave me alone? Horticard. Are you in a different place? I'm on the
com link. Are you on the com with Ryan Dervish right now? This is exactly what I am. Yeah.
Yeah. I think we, do we want to let him know that we just told Spiguli that he hired, that he
hired us? That that might be sensitive information. For the record, I have shot down my com link on
mute for a brief moment. I feel, I feel like that might be something he wouldn't want us to have said.
Like they're supposed to be more of a blackout. Yeah. I think we kind of took the shadow out of
the shadow run. I made it more of a great day marathon. More of a Honolulu marathon time,
jog. Maybe we could tell him it when we get to the place. Where'd you go? Like drop him off and
then just like book it. Probably after the payment. Yeah. Yeah, of course. Okay. He'll probably want
to know that. Okay. Well, look, well, that's why I'll stay with Arturo. I mean, like, you know,
one good threat to repercuss deserves another. You can punch that up later when we go drop the
kid off. Not a writer. I'm a bounty hunter. All right. So we we I call an Uber to get us and the
kid to take it to take us to go drop off. I hate that the out survived lift. I know that they were
better, right? Like do the robots also harass women? I'm a feminist. I have I have and I stole
Jeff Goldblum's glass. No, you didn't. You fucking liar. So for our use. All right. So I call up a
new bird. We're eight. You're already you have the Uber. Okay. So how far away is it is Ryan
Dervish from us? Oh, not far. With with Arturo Spagulli and toe, you arrive at Hank's last stand.
You're your home base sort of thing. It's the old rotten bar. You you you walk in and you see
there's a there's a guy here. It's normally pretty empty this place. But this guy, he's wearing he's
wearing a fabulous blue and magenta suit with a face mask. And he's got a bow slung over his
shoulder. He's just enjoying a glass of water. Can I use my sense of perception to see what sort
of dangers might exist? He has the danger of potentially shooting you with one of his arrows
in his bow. Other than that, you can't really perceive any any dangers. Now, Mercy, you're
our face woman. You want to go up there and do the how do you do this? Yeah, I've got a was it
plus two for impressions? Yes, I do. All right. So I want to walk over to this really bright dude.
Hi. What are you doing here? I'm just having a drink alone. I've never seen you around here before.
That's not surprising. What brings you around here in this necklace? It's kind of dark and
skewy around here. And you seem like a bright color fellow. Just to meet a friend. I look around
to see if Ryan Dervish is in the room. Ryan Dervish is he's talking to Teddy over in the corner.
Okay, let's I guess we should keep that here right? Yeah, we'll keep an eye on that guy. But
let's go over and drop off the football over to Ryan Dervish. I'll stay with the colorful fellow
just in case. Okay, I take I take. Well, you're a negotiator. So maybe you should she should
take her over to the to Ryan Dervish, right? Or take jelly over whatever you guys want, man.
It'd be kind of weird if I walked away from this guy. I think it was kind of going weird.
It's weird if you stay there, I think. I'll just say I'll like I'll see him later and I walk away.
Okay, so you have to take a shit. I have to go potty. I'll see you later.
I haven't made contact with him yet. So I can stand casually by. Yeah, if I see him do anything
funny with the the bow, I can throw up a physical barrier. That's nice. Nice, doc. Nice, doc. So
doc and I will hang back and keep an eye on on fancy suit bow guy. While mercy goes over and
drops off Ryan and mercy don't forget to get that extra money. Alright, so we got the kid walk over
to Teddy and the dude. Oh, you brought up my son and jelly. Thank you so much. I am overcome with
emotion. I'm so glad to hear that. Where's our payment? Was there any? Was there any mishaps or
maybe speed bumps along the way? I will have to say not so good. We are we did everything the way
you wanted it to be very low key. It sounds like it. I like that. Here is yours monies.
You know, just just, you know, it was it was kind of a long journey and we had, you know,
we had our expenses food and water and all that. You took a couple hours. I'm really impressed.
You spent that much on food and expenses. We had to buy a lot. We've got a lot of hamburgers.
You know, it takes a lot to keep up these appearances. We gotta look like we're doing
something not skeevy. Well, I gotta say when you first took this job, I told you I was very poor.
I did not have a lot of money and we agreed upon a price based on that basis. You see,
that is very true. But we went through a lot just to get your precious, adoring son who was
wonderful the entire way, by the way. And as we agreed, I will pay extra. He takes off his shoe
and gives it to you. Oh, I gave us a shoe today. How much money did we get? 500 a piece, I think.
And a shoe. All right. Two shoes now. Two shoes. Oh, we got both shoes. Oh, that's right. Yeah.
Well, I'm still with Archero's. Yeah. Where am I? Well, I thought in the van, I think you were
both in you were all in the Uber and you're just in the Uber outside with him in the bar. Yeah.
And I say, okay, so I go. So, you know, about that active listening thing you learned in the mafia.
Yeah. So I learned it too. So like, I couldn't help but hear that you think that you might
whack somebody based on something you heard. I might. Right. So puts you in a weird position now,
right? I don't. What do you mean? Well, like, I know that you're going to make me look like a bad
employee if I don't kill you. Hmm. So like, conflict, me in a world where life means nothing.
What is it worth it to you? You already got paid, right? Well, what is a bullet cost?
Wow. Jesus Christ. Unlike you, my job is based on a reputation. Being a classy guy,
you know, people need to be able to trust me. Apparently, you just leave a trail of slime
wherever you go. You know, you'll fuck over anybody. Hodergaard has a simultaneously on
comlink called up another Uber, and then also lifted his rifle just in case. Another Rupert?
Rifle. Uber, Uber. Okay, sorry. Why don't we just boil it down to this? I mean, I feel like in a
world of muck where my job is to rake through shit and make money doing it, I had this one job
where I rescue a kid and bring him back to his dad, and you're attempting to make that job dirty.
And all I got to do to clean it up is shoot one piece of shit. And, you know, destroy a lot of
security footage. Sorry, what? I'm just saying. Face is all over the place in that burger tyrant.
So you're saying you're not the only link between, you know, this rescue mission and
Jelly's father? No, no, I'm not. There's all sorts of technology that protects, you know, us.
So in other words, if I were to take an active interest in the long, happy life of Jelly and his
father, I would have to be very vigilant. Yeah, I'd say that. So I would do that either by having
security cameras of my own, constantly spending a lot of money on that, or as one man who is able
to get you in the back of a car, I could just say to you, say to your friends, if anything ever happens,
it would be bad for everybody all the time. They would never know when. They'd be taking a bath.
I'd be the rubber ducky. They would be eating burgers in a restaurant. I'd be the mayonnaise.
My name is Jim Nightblade. Do one more scenario. Or maybe, like, do X3 or four more of those.
They'd be at the movies, and a guy'd be going, yup. And they'd go, who's that? And it'd be me,
and my popcorn would be a gun. I'm just saying, like, I keep a backlog. Like, I'm not like you.
I don't spin a web and, like, draw the joy from other people. I'm on the run, and I go from job
to job. And when I do a job for somebody, and the job is to keep their son alive, I check back.
If I check back, I hold you accountable. You're like my employee now, and my payment is your life.
You deal with the security cameras. You deal with all that. Because if anything ever happens,
like, it's you that gets fired first, air quotes, and around fired. Fired from God's universe.
With difficult arbitration, it won't be like you're walking down the sidewalk, and you have a
phenomenon stroke. It'll just be like, I'll take you into a warehouse, and I'll take shit out on you.
I'll use you as an excuse to vent things that all men have inside them.
You know what they do in prison, right? They look at child rapists, and they go like,
oh, finally a reason to be who we are. This world's a prison. You're a pedophile.
Cliffhanger!
That's not a cliffhanger. I mean, it's a cliffhanger.
All right, well, it's a it's a reason to tune in next week. Thanks, Scoota.
Scoota, everybody, please. The man of the hour, Scoota.
Alyssa. S-C-U-T-A. S-K-U. S-K-U-T-A.
DeMorge Brown, Alyssa.
Alyssa, goodbye. Chris and Justin and, uh, let's thank Dave, a motherfucking client for coming up,
shall we?
Yeah, Dave, fine. Thank you, Alyssa.
Adam Goldberg, Superman, Eric. Thank you.
Spencer Crittenden, and I'm Jeff Davis, and your mayor one more time is Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you so much for coming. We worship and adore you.
Did you get any of that? It's a Scoota show!